I'm really not allowed days off anymore,
am I? I just wrapped up a bunch of
streams and releases over the weekend
and the prior week, hoping to take
Monday off at least. But, uh, Anthropic
is not going to allow that. According to
Anthropic, there are three major labs
out of China that have been doing
distillation attacks on Anthropic's
models. They list Deep Seek, who I'm
sure you all know, Moonshot, who are the
creators of Kimmy, as well as Miniax,
the creators of the Miniax models, as
companies that are doing distillation
attacks against Anthropic. That's a very
bold claim, especially the piece here
where they say there's over 24,000
fraudulent accounts generating over 16
million exchanges trying to extract
these capabilities to bring them to
China. Foreign labs that illicitly
distill American models can remove
safeguards, feeding model capabilities
into their own military intelligence and
surveillance systems. Oh boy, there's a
lot to talk about here. both in the
legitimacy of the claims being made, but
more importantly going into the
potential impacts of what's being
discussed here. There's a real problem
to talk about here, and as much as I am
Anthropic's number one certified hater,
I can empathize with parts of what
they're thinking here. That said, if you
look at the replies, you'll see not many
agree.
Yeah, I have a lot to say here, and it's
probably going to burn relationships
with a lot of other companies. So, if I
want to keep making a living, we're
going to have to take a quick break for
today's sponsor. Do you know what
Anthropic, OpenAI, Versell, and T3 Chat
all have in common? Well, we all like
React, but there's something else we're
all using, too. Today's sponsor, Work
OS. They really get off, especially for
people trying to sell to big companies.
They've done it themselves, selling to
basically every company that I have to
sign into the dashboards of. It's kind
of crazy just how often I run into the
Work OS offkit signin page, and I'm
like, "Huh, not just us." Seriously
though, everyone's using Work OS and
there's a reason why. They have the DX
that you would expect from a modern
company, but they also have the
integrations you would expect from an
enterprise first business. If a big
company like Microsoft or Bloomberg came
to you today and said they wanted to use
your product, would you be ready to
support them? I know it sounds crazy,
but more and more we're seeing these big
companies work with earlystage startups.
I just heard from a startup that's only
3 weeks in since launch and they already
have a Fortune50 company using their
product. It's wild how many of these
companies are willing to adopt. You have
to be able to support them. And if you
don't have integration with Octa, SAML,
Duo, ADP, or all these other crazy
platforms, good luck getting those
enterprises assigned. The hell you'll
have to deal with going back and forth
between the IT team and your engineers
is just not worth it when you can send
them a link with one click that will
handle all of their setup for them. I'll
let GMO end this one for me. I think we
could have done even more business if we
had partnered with works earlier. It's
been incredibly wellreceived. Check them
out now at swive.link/works.
Let's dive into what Anthropic has to
say about these distillation attacks. As
far as I know, the phrase distillation
attack is a novel phrase that Anthropic
came up with for this reporting. I've
never heard that terminology used
before. Please correct me if I'm wrong
in the comments if that is a bad claim
on my part, but I've never seen anyone
refer to this this way. If you're not
familiar with the term distillation in
this context, we should go back to the
original definition, which is to try and
extract the main value out of a thing.
In this case, what they're referring to
with distillation is taking the outputs
from smart models and using those to
train new models to have similar
intelligence. The conversation around
distillation started around when
DeepSeek blew up with Deepseek R1
because OpenAI claimed that their 01
model was used as a target for similar
distillation attempts. If you're not
familiar with what made 01 so special,
it was the first reasoning model where
it wouldn't just output the results, it
would also take time to think. It would
have a step before the output where it
would talk to itself effectively correct
mistakes and then finally output a real
answer. OpenAI was so scared about other
companies using this model to train
their own similar models that they made
the bold decision to hide that reasoning
trace. So when you ran 01, you wouldn't
be able to see the reasoning it did. You
would only see the result at the end and
you'd see effectively it just waiting
until it finished the reasoning steps.
And part of what made R1 so magical is
that it didn't do that. Deepseekar 1 was
an openw weight model. So you could see
the entirety of the reasoning step
before getting the actual response. But
that wasn't enough to keep OpenAI from
their bold claim that OpenAI models were
used in training DeepSeek R1. To be very
clear about what OpenAI was saying about
this, it was their belief that the
DeepSeek team generated a bunch of data
they could use for training by asking
questions to OpenAI's 01 model,
collecting the results, and then feeding
that back into their own training data
in their own models. This is a common
technique for trying to get good
behaviors from really smart models into
smaller, cheaper models. Anthropic
themselves even says this much in their
posting, claiming that distillation can
absolutely be legitimate. ALabs use it
to create smaller and cheaper models for
their customers. But again, they're
claiming distillation can be legitimate.
In fact, I'd argue almost all of it is.
This particular claim is a bit bold, as
we'll get to in a bit. But they're not
the first to claim that there is
distillation happening on their stuff by
other people. And this is the reason why
to this day basically every major lab
either hides or meaningfully obuscates
the reasoning traces for their models.
When you run Gemini 3.1 Pro, the
reasoning steps aren't what it's
actually doing. They are the reasoning
that the model did handed to another
model asked to summarize it in order to
obuscate the difference between what the
model actually did and what people get
back. So they can't train on it the same
way. Grock does the same thing. GBT 5,
5.1, 5.2 all do the same thing. There is
one lab that doesn't do this for their
closed weight models though. Anthropic.
For various reasons, Anthropic decided
when they first introduced reasoning to
not obuscate those reasoning traces when
you were using the models. That was a
really solid decision on their part.
Both for me as a developer building on
top of their thing so I could see what
the model was doing and better steer it
if it's getting things wrong, adjust my
system, adjust my prompts, adjust my
code bases, etc. But it also means the
data is more valuable than the data you
can get from other labs in order to do
this type of reinforcement learning and
distilled training. Honestly though, if
you have the inputs and the outputs, you
can make up the part between, hand that
to the model, and be pretty much good.
But having all of the data is very
helpful, especially when you see the
success that these anthropic models are
having for these really longunning jobs.
If you can collect all of that data and
then use it to train something else,
that's potentially really valuable. And
that's what a lot of these companies
have been doing. Both the major labs,
but also some of the popular third
parties that we've all grown to know and
love. As a simple example, Cursor.
[snorts] Think about Curser's business
model for a second here. Cursor is
providing us a really good interface and
harness in order to edit and write code
using these really fancy models. Cursor
is paying API prices for those models,
though. So, we're being realistic here.
If you pay 20 bucks a month for Cursor
and 20 bucks a month for Cloud Code,
you're probably going to get much more
use out of the Cloud Code sub if you're
using Enthropic models because Enthropic
will subsidize that $20 a month
subscription. Cursor can't really
because they have to pay retail price
for the actual API calls. But there's a
way they can make that worthwhile. What
if that data wasn't only used to write
code for you specifically as a user?
What if you leave that box checked that
is we can use your data for things and
they take all of the data for all of the
expensive stuff you did with Opus and
they use that to train their own
separate cheaper model like you know the
composer models that they have inside of
cursor. Now there's a reason that this
all happened and there's a reason those
models are as good as they are and also
kind of tastes a little bit like what
you get out of a quad model. It's
because cursor paid retail price on the
API, collected all of the results, and
then can use that to train new models to
behave similarly to the best expensive
ones they're already using. I make
something very, very clear. Distillation
will not make the smartest model ever.
So, put away your counters, guys. We're
not talking about the smartest model
when we talk about distilling. We're
talking about getting other things up to
be roughly close to what the best models
can do. Distillation will never put you
above the best. And just think about
this. If you have a box full of sand
with a little bit of gold in it, there's
no amount of shaking that will increase
the amount of gold. All you can do is
get the sand out. That's effectively
what's happening with these training
methods. These labs are using the data
they get from other smarter models in
order to try and train a smaller one to
behave better and more like those fancy
models. And as you can probably guess,
this is explicitly against the terms of
service for most of these labs. What
isn't though is what cursor does. Since
cursor is paying the API prices to get a
service out of the models, the service
being to generate code for their users,
that's totally fine. And what they
choose to do with the data after is also
totally fine. According to Anthropic,
what is not fine is just doing the runs
in order to get that same data. And
they've made some pretty bold claims
that these Chinese labs are doing
exactly that. They are maliciously,
according to Anthropic, generating tons
of data through those expensive models
in order to make their models behave
similarly. So, let's take a look at
their claims cuz I have feelings about
them. As mentioned at the start of the
video, they're claiming that these labs
did over 16 million exchanges with
Claude through approximately 24,000
fraudulent accounts, which is in
violation of their terms of service and
regional access restrictions. Illicitly
distilled models lack necessary
safeguards, creating significant
national security risks. Anthropic and
other US companies build systems that
prevent state and non-state actors from
using AI to, for example, develop
bioweapons or carry out malicious cyber
activities. Models built through elicit
distillation are unlikely to retain
those safeguards, meaning that dangerous
capabilities can proliferate with many
protections stripped out entirely. This
one's honestly a bit hard for me to take
in good faith. The [snorts] idea that
their safety systems can perfectly
prevent these risks, that nobody can
make a bioweapon with their model, but
somehow magically if you shake out all
of the sand from their box, that the
gold remaining is more than willing to
make a nuke for you. It doesn't make
sense at all. There's no way to get the
data out if they have the safety guards
in place. Are they saying that the info
you need is just one layer of prompting
away and if you combine the parts, you
can do this anyways? because if so, I
don't really see how the model
difference matters. Yeah, I struggle
with this one a lot. It's hard for me to
fathom that they even believe this
themselves, that somehow their models
refusing to do things can be skirted by
training another model on its refusals
as well as its successes and then ignore
the refusals and somehow magically this
new model has the exact same level of
capability. No, I don't buy it for a
minute. But don't worry, there's plenty
more that I just straight up don't
believe in here. Oh god, here's the
funniest part here. If distilled models
are open sourced, the risk multiplies as
these capabilities spread freely beyond
any single government's control. They're
literally out here trying to get the
government to outlaw openweight models
is how it feels, which is insane. Makes
sense, though, because they're the only
major lab that's released zero
openweight models. OpenAI put out GPUs
last year, and I still use the 12b
version for a ton of random stuff.
Google has the Gemma series, which is
actually really helpful. Comes in clutch
all the time. And all of the Chinese
labs are putting out tons of good
openweight models as well as public
research. In fact, there's a lot of
evidence that anthropics using training
methods that were invented and
discovered by DeepSeek that they
published in 2024 in their 12 public
papers. And now they are claiming that
same company, Deepseek, who invented one
of their best training techniques, is
actually maliciously using their stuff.
Ready for the level of absurdity here,
though? They claim that they are able to
attribute each campaign to specific labs
with high confidence through IP address
correlation, request metadata,
infrastructure indicators, and in some
cases, corroboration from industry
partners who observe the same actors and
behaviors. Each campaign targeted
Clausmos differentiate capabilities,
agentic reasoning, tool use, and coding.
But the bold absurd claim here is with
DeepSeek. They claimed that DeepS did
over 150,000 exchanges in order to
collect reasoning capabilities, rubric
based grading tasks, and censorship safe
alternatives to policy sensitive
queries. Interesting. So, why do I think
this particular claim is so absurd? It's
this number here, 150,000 exchanges. If
you've been around for a bit, you might
have heard of T3 Chat, the AI chat app
that I built in order to have a better
experience talking to LLMs. All of them.
You have access to every model here. Why
am I bringing up T3 Chat here? Not to
plug this time, I promise. It's because
I want to share some data. These are
numbers I have never shared before. T3
Chat's a real company and I'm very proud
of what we're building here, but we're
not huge by any stretch of the
imagination. We got a lot of users doing
a lot of stuff and I'm proud of what we
built, but we are far from the biggest
player. So, if 150,000 exchanges is
enough for Deep Seek to apparently be
this big malicious actor, how many
exchanges do you think we do on T3 Chat
a day? Just think of a number. Get one
in your head. Because the answer,
straight out of Post Hog, it's around
160,000 a day. If we switch this from
day to month, it's about 3 to 4 million
requests a month. Apparently, we do the
same level of traffic in a day. That is
enough for anthropic to claim DeepSseeek
is maliciously trying to steal
information from them. I didn't realize
that all it took was a day's worth of
inference to do this because if so, I
might have to go make my own opus clone
here cuz that's not a whole lot of data.
It's actually laughable just how little
this is. And to put them first in this
list is genuinely absurd, but also kind
of shows what Anthropic's intent is here
because they're not trying to alert us
to a real concern or problem. They're
trying to weaponize various parties
against the Chinese labs that are making
them look and feel really bad. We've
been hearing a lot of rumors about Deep
Seek V4 or R2 or whatever the next model
ends up being called that seem to point
at it being absurdly good. Enough so
that they might do what they did at the
start of 2025 again where they scare
everybody from the economy to the labs
into rethinking everything. And they're
at the top of this list despite having
the smallest number by multiple orders
of magnitude because it is very clear
that Anthropic puts DeepSeek as threat
number one. Okay, maybe number two after
OpenAI, but very high on their list. And
they're here not because of the actual
legitimate concerns of them doing
150,000 exchanges. They're here because
Anthropic is scared. It seems like
they're trying to get a bunch of
successful people in the US, be it
politicians, wealthy individuals, or
just the VC AI bubble world, to be
weaponized against DeepSeek. 150K
exchanges is roughly what I get out of
two to three runs of a benchmark like
SnitchBench. All of these labs need to
be able to run their benchmarks against
other companies models. Obviously,
that's how you know what stuff is and
isn't working, and it's how you verify
your own internal benches. And Enthropic
is already known for banning their
competitors from using their models even
for simple benchmarks. They've done this
to OpenAI. They've done this to XAI.
They did this to Wind Surf out of
nowhere a while back. Enthropic is
pretty quick to pull the banhammer out
on any company they don't want to have
access to their models, even for basic
benchmark purposes, which honestly 150k
exchanges absolutely could fall within
traditional benchmark territory. What
about these other labs? That's got to be
a big deal, right? They claim Moonshot's
done over 3.4 24 million exchanges and
Minia's done 13 million. That's got to
be a much bigger deal then, right? Well,
let's again start with my numbers where
things are close to like 3 and 1/2 to 4
million queries per month. But I kind of
lied about this number. My AI generation
counter here in Post Hog is counting how
many times a user makes a request. That
isn't the number of exchanges. The
number of exchanges is the amount of
times that a request has to be sent to
the LLM provider. That should be the
same though, right? Nope. Because of how
tool calls work. Let's say you ask an
agent to do something like uh update the
homepage to include the new pricing. So,
you ask them all to do this. That's
like, okay, I'm going to find the new
pricing, the homepage code, and then
update them to match. We've all had an
exchange like this with a model at some
point. And then what happens is tool
call one where it gps for something like
I don't know pricing it gets fed back
file one file two file three then the
model responds again here with something
like these files all seem relevant I'm
going to read them to figure out what
context is useful and then you get what
you expect to call two where it reads
these files it might even be a batch set
of them so read file one read file two
etc then you get the final message
that's like, I've collected all the
context I need. Now it's time to make
the changes. And you get the next set of
tool calls or edit of all of those
things. This is a pretty common back and
forth that I'm sure many of you guys
have had. So now I'll ask you how many
exchanges occurred here. A lot of people
seem to think tool calls happen as part
of their initial request cuz it kind of
feels that way. But guess what? At this
line, the previous request, the previous
exchange is over. Once the model has
responded with the tool calls that need
to be run, the connection is severed.
Your computer then runs the tool calls.
And when it is done, we now have our new
history. All the things that have
happened up until this point. And this
entire history is then sent back to
Enthropic to do the next step. It then
determines that it has to do another set
of tool calls. Once it's done those tool
calls, it does the same thing again. It
sends everything in the past, including
the results of that tool call, back to
anthropic for run two. And you can guess
what happens for every subsequent tool
call. One prompt can easily result in
hundreds of exchanges as they are
defined by anthropic here. Even in T3
chat, if you have search on, especially
if you're using the multiarch feature we
added where it can try searches multiple
times in one request, one request can be
three or four generations or exchanges
as they're defining it here. So my
number that I showed you guys earlier is
possibly two to 3x low for us the small
guys providing a little chat up on the
side as a startup. So I will reiterate
yet again that these numbers are kind of
pathetic. 13 million exchanges on a
model that is being trained according to
them for agentic coding and tool use and
orchestration. 13 million exchanges is a
number I'll probably hit solo in my
lifetime just doing my own work as an
actual company providing this stuff.
That is a trivial number to hit,
especially if you were, I don't know,
hosting a web app that did crazy deep
analysis stuff where it had to do dozens
of tool calls in a row. That would make
that number easy to hit. But Miniax
isn't a company providing services.
They're a company providing models and
they just have their own models. So
clearly that has to be distilled, right?
Well, what if I told you that Miniax had
their own agent product that wasn't
limited to just their models? They do
have Miniax M25 in here, but they also
have Gemini. And guess what? They had
another model in here before, too. See
where this one's going? Miniax had a
product that legitimately used anthropic
models. This number is trivial to hit
when you consider that. Like absurdly
trivial if they're doing what they're
doing with that product, which is tons
of deep research and data calls. One
request could be 30 to 100 exchanges.
And I don't think anybody would care at
all if they said here that Miniaax did
130,000 messages to their agents. So
they found a way to make the number look
big. And it's clear they are doing this
because the DeepS number is 150K, but
the targeting of the operation is things
that don't require tool calling like
reasoning capabilities, grading tasks,
and censorship safe alternative
messages. None of that requires multiple
calls per request. And even Moonshot,
the creators of the Kimmy models that I
love, they do have the tool use part
here, but they also have computer vision
and computer use. Computer use will
absolutely have the same problem where
it does like dozens of things per
request, but computer vision is just one
request. So their number being smaller
makes sense for even just traditional
usage. Let's say hypothetically speaking
that all Moonshot and Miniax were doing
here was verifying their findings with
their training against the models that
are provided by their competitors in
their own custom internal benchmarks.
You guys might have heard of SWEBench in
particular the SWBench verified
benchmark that OpenAI helped collaborate
with to make. SWB bench is a collection
of 2,294
tasks from crawling poll requests and
issues across Python repos. That's 2,300
tests to run. And any one of those tests
could be 100 tool calls, possibly even
more. Let's say conservatively that
there's 50 tool calls per task. One run
of S.WE is already 115,000
exchanges. Now, imagine they have a more
complex benchmark or a few of them or
they're tuning their benchmark to make
it more accurate. That's only 30 or so
runs of that benchmark before they are
over this number of exchanges. This is a
very easy number to hit. In fact, when I
was testing GPT5, I wouldn't be
surprised if I got close to this when I
was doing all of my testing personally
as a single individual that's not part
of some state affiliated anything. Like
these numbers do not point at anything
of meaning here at all. Especially again
when you consider the fact that Miniax
is using the model in their product or
was before all of this went down. We
detected this campaign while it was
still active before Miniaax released the
model it was training, giving us
unprecedented visibility into the life
cycle of distillation attacks from data
generation through to model launch. When
we released a new model during Miniax's
active campaign, they pivoted within 24
hours, redirecting nearly half of their
traffic to capture capabilities from our
latest system. I also host the newest
models and I will tell you confidently
that much more than half of my traffic
gets rerouted to the highestend model
when the new model is out. As soon as we
had the button to use 4.6 opus in T3
chat, 4.5 opus traffic dropped to a
fourth of what it was and over 75% had
already moved to the latest model. So
again, if they happen to have a little
thing in the UI that said there was a
new model in there that they clicked on,
user patterns alone would put them over
half the traffic. It's rare I read a
thing where it's so clear by every
single sentence that they are being
dishonest as this is here. And I have
the unique perspective here both as
somebody that talks with a lot of the
labs and talks with a lot of the
companies that are using these APIs.
Shout out cursor seen how they work.
Obviously nothing I'm saying here is
blast, affiliated or confirmed by them.
This is just my understanding of things
as an investor and friend of the
company. This is all such [__]
[__] This is absurd levels of
[__] [__] The fact that I am
personally getting close to the numbers
they're claiming here shows the level of
dishonesty happening. And what for? Like
this is absurd. To give anthropics some
benefit of the doubt, this section is
almost certainly true. And I have
personal experience with friends that
suggest this is a real thing. Not the
labs necessarily, but the fact that
there are places in China that are using
commercial proxy services that resell
access to claude and other frontier AI
models at scale. That is absolutely
happening largely because Anthropic has
banned Chinese customers from access to
their models directly. So these other
services are using their weird what
refers to as hydrocluster architectures
in order to spread out traffic across
various different accounts coming from
various different places in order to get
the responses to their users in China.
They claimed that one particular proxy
was able to manage over 20,000
fraudulent accounts simultaneously, and
it would mix distillation traffic with
unrelated customer requests, making
detection even harder. On that note, the
anecdotes I have are from friends that
have associations with China that have
been able to get a cheaper Claude code
subscription, which was things that
caused lots of red flags in my head
immediately. And those cheaper cloud
code subscriptions were through some
sketchy Chinese thing to let them pay a
smaller fee to get Claude code access.
Yes. like the actual cloud code with
custom endpoints, but still using the
official Opus and Sonnet models for a
cheaper subpric. That was very likely
using that both to do the detection
harder through unrelated customer
requests part, but also to get more data
they could use for distillation. If you
had access to every input and output and
my codebase when I was using cloud code,
you can make a model that's at least
slightly better at JavaScript and also
quite a bit meaner cuz I talk to models
how I talk to them. But if you're doing
that at scale as a company by providing
cheaper cloud code to subsidize your own
costs and then use the data to train
other things to make up for that
subsidization that I could see
happening. And I would be very surprised
if this wasn't the case. If there
weren't some sketchy places in China
that were doing things like this in
order to get more data and also have a
way to effectively hide the traffic that
they don't want to have detected. I
could see this happening and I have
enough evidence that things like this
are happening that I do believe that
part. But the calling out of the labs by
name bit, genuinely absurd. I have no
reason to believe any of these labs are
distilling anthropic models the same way
I had no reason to believe that openai
was doing it when anthropic made similar
claims then. This is a really bad case
of the boy who cried wolf where they
claimed this with wind surf and they
were wrong. They claimed this with XAI
and they questionably wrong there,
almost certainly were. They claimed this
with OpenAI, they were definitely wrong
there and they lied about it themselves.
I have proof of that in other videos. So
why are we going to believe him this
time? Even if this paragraph is entirely
true, and there are lots of these
organizations doing this type of hiding
of traffic patterns to get data that
they don't want them to have access to,
the one instance I know of here was shut
down a week ago, which does line up with
this reporting, but it's nothing to do
with the labs that they named here. They
don't have the evidence for the claims
that they are making. And I would love
to verify this as a third party if
they're down to let me privately off the
record verify their claims with whatever
they're not disclosing here. And if they
do that, by the way, Enthropic, you more
than have my contact info now. I know
that. I have a lot of reasons why I know
that. Hit me up. Prove me wrong
privately. Tell me what I can and can't
say, and I will gladly unlist this video
and make a separate one apologizing and
saying that this is legit. If you guys
don't do that, I am going to just assume
you're lying because every single thing
is pointing to that. Whether or not this
paragraph is true, it is no longer
relevant and everything else you guys
have said is either verifiably a lie or
just makes no sense in the first place.
and they seem to even know that too.
They have this prompt that they're
claiming was used for a lot of the
distillation. You're an expert data
analyst combining statistical rigor with
deep domain knowledge. Your goal is to
deliver datadriven insights, not
summaries or visualizations grounded in
real data and supported by complete and
transparent reasoning. They claim that
what distinguishes distillation attacks
from normal usage is this pattern. A
prompt like the following which
approximates similar prompts that we
have seen used repetitively in its scale
may seem benign on its own. They are
even admitting here that this prompt has
nothing suspicious in it. But when
variations of this prompt arrive tens of
thousands of times across hundreds of
coordinated accounts all targeting the
same narrow capabilities, the pattern
becomes clear. Massive volumes
concentrated in a few areas, highly
repetitive structures, and content that
maps directly onto what is most valuable
for training an AI model are the
hallmarks of a distillation attack. Man,
it definitely wouldn't be the case that
some other company had them as an option
for, I don't know, an expert task like
research where it has to, I don't know,
use real data and transparent reasoning
in order to deliver datadriven insights
like you would expect a researcher to
do. Definitely not an example of the
type of system prompt you would use for
this exact product that used to use Opus
models. Definitely not the case at all
here. And since half of y'all suck at
detecting sarcasm, I'm being sarcastic.
This prompt maps to this app one to
[__] one. You got to give me real
evidence here, not your own summarized
similar prompt example where you
combined other things. No. And according
to them, this was hundreds of
coordinated accounts. Well, if our
friends over at Miniax wanted to have an
option for anthropic, and they couldn't
because Miniax is in China and they are
banned from anthropic models, it'd be a
shame if they had to go find a service
that could circumvent that so that they
could provide anthropic models. You see
what I'm getting at here? It is my
personal belief at this time that the
labs wanted to provide these models for
legitimate use cases. Whether it's as an
option in their existing tools for
people to use or it was to do benchmarks
against or it was to verify existing
data. There's a lot of legitimate
reasons why a lab in China would want to
have access to anthropic models. Is it
possible somebody else was using the
same hydra cluster in order to do
distillation that we don't know about?
Perhaps. We have no evidence whatsoever,
but it is absolutely possible. But if
I'm being real, there is absolutely
nothing in the reporting that Anthropica
has shared here that has me even close
to believing what they're saying. And
that sucks because what they're talking
about are real risks. Much like the boy
who cried wolf, if the wolf was real, we
would want to know. But everything here
from making up the term distillation
attacks to dropping numbers that make
literally no sense whatsoever for it to
be the type of attack they are calling
out here to ignoring the fact that
certain providers like Miniax were
legitimately using the models for
user-facing product. There's nothing
here. This is Anthropic [__]
themselves publicly yet again. And I'm
thankful for all of you guys for finally
waking up to the fact that Anthropic
kind of sucks to work with and kind of
sucks as a company. Will Brown asked
some very good questions to Anthropic
and I would ask the same. First off,
clarify if it's against terms of service
to train models on publicly permissively
licensed GitHub repos which feature
contributions from claude or is that
distillation? Is it against terms of
service to share cloud outputs on the
public internet? Are labs obligated to
filter internet content? Like how much
abstraction from the original data is
necessary for them to not count this as
a distillation attack? Is what cursors
doing a distillation attack even though
they're providing legitimate use cases?
is scraping GitHub and reading code that
was created by Claude a distillation
attack. Where is the line here? And of
course, there's the core irony to all of
this, which is that Anthropic and other
similar models were trained on data they
scraped from the internet in the first
place. You can argue all day about the
legality of using information you found
online to train something. When you're
having those conversations in the
courtroom and you're losing them, like
anthropic is, it is pretty rich to say
when they do it to the internet, it is
totally fine and dandy. But when Chinese
labs allegedly might be doing it to what
they built, it's suddenly really bad and
dangerous. The internet got locked down
because companies like OpenAI and
Anthropic scraped everything. And now
getting that same data is nearly
impossible. It was way easier to get
data in 2020 than it is now as a result
of OpenAI and Anthropic. If we were to
pretend everything Enthropic said here
was correct and these labs are actually
using them to get data, that's largely
their fault because the data is no
longer accessible otherwise. So there's
yeah, there's almost no way to interpret
this that isn't Anthropic being a
[__] And as Anthropic's number one
hater, I am very pumped to tell you guys
there's nothing here. They are being
[__] And again, Anthropic, you
have my information. Tell me if I am
wrong. I love being proven wrong and
bringing the new information to my
audience. That's why I'm here at 800 PM
on a Monday evening that I was supposed
to take off explaining your [__] to
my audience. You guys suck. You lie all
the time. You get in our way. You do
weird [__] policy stuff. Your terms
of service are so unclear it caused
outrage just a few days ago. And the
employees I know can't even explain your
goddamn policies. Apparently, that was a
doc change. That was a mistake from an
agent. What's going on there, guys?
Seriously, I don't get like this for
everyone. And I don't want to get like
this at all. I hate that you piss me off
so much, but it's cuz you're doing such
obvious stupid [__] Cut it. And if
I'm wrong about this, hit me up and
prove me wrong. The video will be
offline just as fast as it came up and
I'll issue a correction. So if you're
watching this video right now, there's a
very, very, very high chance that
Anthropic are lying and there's nothing
else to see. But if this video vanishes,
maybe I was wrong. Or maybe, just maybe,
they send some lawyers after me. I'll be
sure to let you know if they do. And
until next time, stay safe.